so you bought yourself an ergonomic
keyboard spending not only hundreds of
dollars but also countless hours trying
to master typing on the darn thing but
like that's fine I guess right you can't
put a price on health but hold on a
minute what happens when you're not at
your regular desk most of the ergonomic
keyboards that we've tested have been
large and cumbersome enough that you
wouldn't want to travel with them so
what you're just doomed to aggravate
your repetitive strain injury haha no my
friends for there is a light at the end
of your carpal tunnel introducing yogi
type the foldable organ AMA keyboard but
is this thing a direct path to keyboard
nirvana or is it more like downward dogs
speaking of nirvana today's video is
brought to you by tonal bear tunnel bear
makes really really simple privacy apps
so people can enjoy a more open Internet
try tunnel bear for free at tunnel bear
comm /l tt
[Music]
the yoga type comes in a bougie carrying
case that will absolutely make people
want to be your friend and inside you'll
find the bass wrist pads and the keypad
set up is a snap at first it might seem
like you're typing upside-down or
something since you're looking at the
underside of the keyboard as you type
but actually the yoga type is kind of
like the safe type keyboard that we
checked out before except on steroids
the main idea of having a vertically
standing keyboard like this is to
prevent what's called pronation that's
when the two bones in your forearm
crisscross pinching tissue and blood
vessels of course though having the keys
on the side makes them harder to see and
let's be honest even the touchy stuff
touch typists we'll look at the keyboard
sometimes but instead of Genki rearview
mirrors the inward angle of the key
modules allowed yogi types creators to
implement a much more elegant visual aid
colored LEDs and you can even switch
them off if you prefer and this angle
has some economic benefits as well
helping with extension and finger
relaxation speaking of relaxation the
included wrist pads are super cushy easy
to adjust and the best part is they
slide so they don't inhibit your natural
movements this is so much better than
having to hold your arms up the whole
time like on the safe type my only gripe
is that you can't adjust their height
and I think that they're a little bit
too tall to fully alleviate the last
economic pitfall ulnar deviation okay so
this is all quite positive so far but
what's it like to actually type on this
thing well at first it wasn't too bad
since they've got tactile guides for
both your index and pinky fingers as
well as this sort of inexplicable one on
the 8ki and most of the keys are in the
same relative position as they are on a
regular keyboard most of them
I mean hey I get it this is
ten keyless board and there's no room
for keys on the foldable base so you're
just gonna have to get used to the more
obscure keys like home and and having
new homes on the end but what about non
obscure keys they moved the apostrophe
key to no man's land and backspace a key
that I use a lot more than I'd like to
admit though probably still less than I
should has been moved to right beside
the P key which means that when you make
a mistake typing on this strange new
keyboard you have to rectify it by using
your pinky in unfamiliar territory which
often leads to making even more mistakes
making you so unproductive that you just
end up putting the yogi type in a bin
under your desk for two weeks while you
review other stuff but Linus backspace
has to go somewhere doesn't it well of
course it does and my vote is to take
over some of that spacebar real estate
this would not only flatten the learning
curve but also make it more ergonomic
since you have way more power up here
than you do with your little finger but
I'm actually not going to stop there
as is the space keys are positioned to
be pressed with the base of your finger
which works and it's actually kind of
innovative but it does disrupt your
index fingers ability to continue typing
so our preference would be to strike the
space and backspace keys with the thumb
like you do on the Kinesis advantage -
or the erga docks except that these
bloody joysticks are in the way not that
thumb sticks are a bad idea inherently
so these are for controlling the mouse
cursor page scrolling and right and left
clicks you can even switch between left
and right-handed mouse configurations
right on the board and I'm positive that
there are some users out there who need
to be able to do that from a neutral
position the problem is that the mouse
is effectively unusable it has crazy
acceleration unruly steering and I'm not
sure if our right stick is broken but we
had trouble moving it at all without
highlighting everything if they insist
on keeping the onboard mouse I would
suggest replacing the joysticks with
marble-sized trackball
or something like how cool would that be
one last complaint did anybody else
notice that the keys on this side are
staggered and the keys on this side are
all aligned WTF anyway should you buy
this keyboard then at about a three
hundred and fifty dollars it's $60 more
than the awful safe type but is better
in just about every way including the
switches this one is way less mushy
though with that said the advantage to
is the same price is mechanical and
though it doesn't fold up it is portable
in the sense that all the macros and the
layouts that you program onto it are
saved on board so I wouldn't say that it
sucks but the yogi type has enough small
things wrong with it at this point that
giving it our full endorsement would be
a bit of a stretch which can't be said
about Squarespace Squarespace is the
place to go to build your own beautiful
functional website they've got 24/7
support via live chat and email they've
got tons of great features including
lots of gorgeous templates the ability
to use commerce on any website they all
come with a free online store they've
got their logo designer
they've got cover pages a feature that
allows you to set up a beautiful
one-page online presence in minutes and
the ability to publish content in Apple
news format directly from the
Squarespace blog it's all easily managed
in the cloud and their sites are super
reliable that's not actually in my
talking points that's just my personal
experience with Squarespace so head over
to squarespace.com /lt and use code ltte
to get 10% off your first purchase why
not have a website go try it out today
so thanks for watching guys if this
video sucked you know what to do but if
it's awesome hit that like button get
subscribed or maybe consider checking
out where to buy the stuff we featured
at the link in the video description
also linked down there's our merch store
which has cool shirts like this one and
our community forum which
should totally join